Description:
	This program is designed to periodically read data from a HP-8753D network analyzer. The program is run on a desktop computer using either windows or linux and requires a GPIB to USB interface to talk from the desktop to the VNA. The VNA currently requires no extra setup in order for the program to work.

HOW TO USE THIS PROGRAM:
	Open the main.exe by openning a command prompt window and typing:
	main.exe _serial_device_ _baud_rate_
	where _serial_device_ is the COM port that the device is attached to
	usually this device is COM3, set baud rate to 9600

	Once the program opens it will ask for a profile. The profile
	is defined in the document labelled profiles_data. In this
	file there are simple instructions on how to use this file.
	Select one of the two pre-defined profiles or your own by 
	typing the number associated with the profile when prompted.
	
	The program will now print out the settings that are defined
	in your profile, if they do not look correct then you can
	cancel the program by typing quit and pressing enter. The
	program will collect data on the interval associated with your
	profile and store each set in a file called data_number_
	where number is a seqential counter that ticks each data set.

	!WARNING! If you have any important data in the directory with
	the program before a test, move it somewhere else. The program
	specifically overwrites all data in the files before writing to
	them again, this means you will lose the data if it is not moved.

	The program will either run indefinitely or for however long 
	specified in the profile. The program can be terminated safely at
	any point by typing quit and pressing enter on the command prompt
	window.

HOW TO USE THE PROFILE FILE:
	The profile file contains two default profiles as well as a
	template to base profiles on. The template provides the
	possible values in each field. These fields are further broken
	down below:

	POINTS - REQUIRED:
		This field contains the number of data points to be
		collected each cycle. There are only certain possible
		values for this field. The machine likes specific values
		These values are as follows:
			3, 11, 21, 26, 51, 101, 201, 401, 801, 1601

	CHAN - REQUIRED:
		This field contains the measurement channel to use. 
		This field has 4 possible values:
			S11, S21, S12, S22

	TESTTYPE - REQUIRED:
		This field defines whether the test has a max time
		limit or not. Field has two possible values:
			TIMED, INDEF
		If the TIMED option is chosen then the TGATHER field
		must also contain some value. If the INDEF option is
		chosen then the program will run until the user types
		quit in the terminal window the program is running in.
		The program can be stopped at any time by typing quit.

	FGATHER - REQUIRED:
		This field defines the time interval at which data will
		be collected. This time is a positive integer in minutes.

	TGATHER - OPTIONAL:
		This field defines the total time the test will run for. 
		This field is only required if the TIMED option is chosen.

	CALK - REQUIRED:
		This field defines the calibration kit to be used.
		This field is set to 0 by default.

	FSTART - REQUIRED:
		This field defines the starting sweep frequency.
		This is an integer in MHZ.

	FSTOP - REQUIRED:
		This field defines the stopping sweep frequency.
		This is an integer in MHZ.

	Profiles are defined by filling these fields in the defined order
	and putting a pound sign and the profile number before and after
	the bounds of the profile. This is made clear in the file. This 
	file should remain without an extension. It can be openned and
	editted in notepad but should not be renamed or given an extension.

Report any problems found in the program to grady.white@maine.edu
